docs: auto form validation docs (#3027)
vaadin/docs: articles/react/components/auto-form/index.asciidoc

[NOTE]
Note that `onSubmitError` callback is not be called for form validation errors, which are handled automatically.

== Validation

> Auto Form uses the same validation mechanism as <<{articles}/react/guides/forms/binder-validation#,default Hilla Forms>>. That means you can add Bean validation annotations to your entity classes and the form will automatically validate the input values on both client and server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto Form uses the same validation mechanism as <<{articles}/react/guides/forms/binder-validation#,default Hilla Forms>>. That means you can add Bean validation annotations to your entity classes and the form automatically validates the input values on both client and server.
```
